Privacy Policy For Mobile Application NIST ETEffective Date: 06/27/2020 Article 1 - DEFINITIONS:a) APPLICABLE MOBILE APPLICATION: This Privacy Policy will refer to and be applicable to the Mobile App listed above, which shall hereinafter be referred to as "Mobile App."b) EFFECTIVE DATE: "Effective Date" means the date this Privacy Policy comes into force and effect.c) PARTIES: The parties to this privacy policy are the following data controller: NIST ("Data Controller") and you, as the user of this Mobile App. Hereinafter, the parties will individually be referred to as "Party" and collectively as "Parties."d) DATA CONTROLLER: Data Controller is the publisher, owner, and operator of the Mobile App and is the Party responsible for the collection of information described herein. Data Controller shall be referred to either by Data Controller's name or "Data Controller," as listed above. If Data Controller or Data Controller's property shall be referred to through first-person pronouns, it shall be through the use of the following: us, we, our, ours, etc.e) YOU: Should you agree to this Privacy Policy and continue your use of the Mobile App, you will be referred to herein as either you, the user, or if any second-person pronouns are required and applicable, such pronouns as 'your", "yours", etc.f) PERSONAL DATA: "Personal DATA" means personal data and information that we obtain from you in connection with your use of the Mobile App that is capable of identifying you in any manner. Article 2 - GENERAL INFORMATION:This privacy policy (hereinafter "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect and use the Personal Data that we receive about you, as well as your rights in relation to that Personal Data, when you use our Mobile App and interact with it in any way, including passively.This Privacy Policy does not cover any information that we may receive about you through sources other than the use of our Mobile App. We are committed to the protection of your privacy while you use our Mobile App.By continuing to use our Mobile App, you acknowledge that you have had the chance to review and consider this Privacy Policy, and you acknowledge that you agree to it. This means that you also consent to the use of your information and the method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or do not agree to it, then you agree to immediately cease your use of our Mobile App. Article 3 -CONTACT AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER:The Party responsible for the processing of the data collected by the Mobile App is as follows: NIST ET project 325 Broadway Boulder, CO 80305The Data Protection Officer for the Mobile App is as follows: Sae Woo Nam. The Data Protection Officer may be contacted as follows:nams@nist.gov Article 4 - LOCATION:Please be advised the data processing activities take place in the United States, outside the European Economic Area. Data will not be transferred to any other entities.   This is in compliance with all relevant rules and regulations within the United States.  It also complies with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR. The location where the data processing activities take place is as follows:Boulder, CO USA Article 5 - MODIFICATIONS AND REVISIONS:We reserve the right to modify, revise, or otherwise amend this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. If we do so, however, we will notify you and obtain your consent to the change in processing. Unless we specifically obtain your consent, any changes to the Privacy Policy will only impact the information collected on or after the date of the change. It is also your responsibility to periodically check this page for any such modification, revision or amendment. Article 6 - THE PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM YOU:You will be subject to the collection of the following data:a)	All users: The Mobile App controls the operation of a Bluetooth device (NIST ET device) that is collecting information whether other similar Bluetohot devices are nearby.  Article 7 - THE PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE AUTOMATICALLY:None Article 8 - NO PERSONAL DATA IS STORED: Article 9 - PURPOSES OF COLLECTING DATA:Data from the Bluetooth devices being controlled by the Mobile App may be downloaded to the mobile platform by the user.  It may be used by the user as he/she sees fit. Article 10 - DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA:None is collected, so none will be disclosed. Article 11 - OPTING OUT OF TRANSMITTALS FROM US:From time to time, information regarding upgrades to the Mobile App as improvements in Bluetooth devices will be available.Please be advised, since we do NOT collect an personal information, we can not inform you of updates.   However, you can contact people at NIST to get more information about updates and upgrades.Article 12 - ACCEPTANCE OF RISK:By continuing to our Mobile App in any manner, use the Product, you manifest your continuing asset to this Privacy Policy. You further acknowledge, agree and accept that no transmission of information or data via the internet is not always completely secure, no matter what steps are taken. You acknowledge, agree and accept that we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us, and that you transmit such information at your own risk. Article 13 - YOUR RIGHTS:You have many rights in relation to your Personal Data. Specifically, your rights are as follows:- the right to portability of your Personal Data- the right to launch a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the United States or applicable data protection authority in another jurisdictionSuch rights can all be exercised by contacting us at the relevant contact information listed in this Privacy Policy. Article 14 - CONTACT INFORMATION:If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the way we collect information from you, or if you would like to launch a complaint about anything related to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following email address: nams@nist.gov.1/1
